# AdBlock-Locus
K-Meleon is a privacy-focused web browser that comes with a built-in adblocker (BAB). However, it does not come with a graphical interface for that adblocker.

AdBlock Locus (ABL) provides a graphical interface to toggle the BAB, create custom rules, manage subscriptions, and create exceptions. K-Meleon 76.X.G comes with the BAB already installed. If you are using K-Meleon 75.1 or the version 76 release candidate, you will need to 
[download the BAB for older versions of K-Meleon](http://kmeleonbrowser.org/forum/read.php?9,135175) first. 

**[Download AdBlock Locus](https://github.com/rjjiii/AdBlock-Locus/releases/download/v1.0/AdBlock_Locus_kmext_pkg.7z)**

## Install ##
To install AdBlock Locus on K-Meleon:
1. First make sure that you have the BAB turned on by going to Preferences (F2) - K-Meleon Plugins and checking adblock. If you don't see adblock listed with your Kplugins, [download the BAB](http://kmeleonbrowser.org/forum/read.php?9,135175) first.
2. Install the K-Meleon Extension Manager. You can download it here ( http://kmext.sourceforge.net/kem.htm ). Follow the instructions on the site.
3. [Download the latest version](https://github.com/rjjiii/AdBlock-Classic/releases/download/v1.0.5.2/AdBlock_Classic_kmext_pkg.7z) of AdBlock Locus.
4. In K-Meleon, go to Tools - Extension Manager.
5. Click the Run Installer button. A file dialog will open. Browse to the 7z file.
6. K-Meleon will automatically restart and adblocking rules will download, but won't take affect yet.
7. Restart K-Meleon and AdBlock Locus will begin blocking ads.

## Subscriptions ##
ABL uses 3 separate subscriptions each tailored to older browsers like K-Meleon:
* Core: This is a small curated list of filter rules. The BAB needs a smaller list of rules to minimize slowdown. Core should only add a second or two to K-Meleon's launch time.
* Fallback: Many web pages are tested primarily against Google Chrome. K-Meleon's javascript handling is more secure but also older and stricter. Fallback will force some web pages that have serious scripting bugs or Chrome-specific features to fallback to a non-scripted site. 
* User: This is a local filter generated by the user via ABL.

